Use anchor npm library rather than @solana/solidity (#1125)
hyperledger/solang: docs/targets/solana.rst

  solang compile --target solana flipper.sol -v

This will produce two files called `flipper.json` and `flipper.so`. The former is an Anchor style abi file and the latter is
the ELF BPF shared object which can be deployed on Solana. For each contract, Solang will create an ABI file and a binary file
`contract-name.so`, which contains the program.

The program will need to be deployed. Usually, the program is deployed at a well-known address which is in the Solidity
source code using the `@program_id("Ej35pLiYaHbDrV8gSPCo1jifJEYHBCCTUo6Lp4NvHkPA")` annotation on the contract.
In order to deploy to this address, you'll need the private key for this address. For the flipper example, we
have included the private key in `flipper-keypair.json`, so you can use that here for deploying the program:

.. code-block:: bash

    solana program deploy --program-id flipper-keypair.json flipper.so

Now with the program deployed, you can start on the client side. This will need the anchor npm library:

.. code-block:: bash

    npm install @project-serum/anchor

> Now run the following javascript by saving it to `flipper.js`.

Author: Yes, that is a strange sentence. I've re-written it.

        const val2 = await program.methods.get()
            .accounts({ dataAccount: dataAccount.publicKey })
            .view();

        console.log(`state: ${val2}`);
    })();

Now you'll have to set the `ANCHOR_WALLET` and `ANCHOR_PROVIDER_URL` environment variables to the correct values in order to run the example.

.. code-block:: bash

    export ANCHOR_WALLET=$HOME/.config/solana/id.json
    export ANCHOR_PROVIDER_URL=http://127.0.0.1:8899
    node flipper.js

For more examples, see the
`solang's integration tests <https://github.com/hyperledger/solang/tree/main/integration/solana>`_.

Using the Anchor client library
_______________________________

Some notes on using the anchor javascript npm library.

* Solidity function names are converted to camelCase. This means that if in Solidity a function is called ``foo_bar()``,
  you must write ``fooBar()`` in your javascript.
* Anchor only allows you to call ``.view()`` on Solidity functions which are declared ``view`` or ``pure``.
* Named return values in Solidity are also converted to camelCase. Unnamed returned are given the name ``return0``, ``return1``, etc,
  depending on the position in the returns values.

> * Return values from only ``view`` and ``pure`` functions can be decoded. Return values from other functions and are not accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only Return values from ``view`` and ``pure`` functions can be decoded. Return values from other functions and are not accessible.
```

  This is a limitation in the Anchor library. Possibly this can be fixed.
* In the case of an error, no return data is decoded. This means that the reason provided in ``revert('reason');`` is not
  available as a return value.

> * Always give number function arguments as ``BN`` values and not plain javascript ``Number`` or ``BigInt``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Number arguments for functions are expressed as ``BN`` values and not plain javascript ``Number`` or ``BigInt``.
```

You have not used imperative in any of the other bullet points. Ideally, we maintain parallelism in the verbal form.

  solang compile --target solana flipper.sol -v

This will produce two files called `flipper.json` and `flipper.so`. The former is an Anchor style IDL file and the latter is
the ELF BPF shared object containing the program. For each contract in the source code, Solang will create both an IDL file
and a binary file.

Each program will need to be deployed to a program_id. Usually, the program_id is a well-known account which is specified
in the Solidity source code using the `@program_id("F1ipperKF9EfD821ZbbYjS319LXYiBmjhzkkf5a26rC")` annotation on the contract.

> The private key for the account to is needed to deploy. You can generate your own private key using the command line tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A private key for the account is needed to deploy. You can generate your own private key using the command line tool
```

  solang compile --target solana flipper.sol -v

This will produce two files called `flipper.json` and `flipper.so`. The former is an Anchor style abi file and the latter is
the ELF BPF shared object which can be deployed on Solana. For each contract, Solang will create an ABI file and a binary file
`contract-name.so`, which contains the program.

> The program will need to be deployed. Usually, the program is deployed at a well-known address which is specified in the Solidity

Author: I've rephrased this paragraph.

source code using the `@program_id("F1ipperKF9EfD821ZbbYjS319LXYiBmjhzkkf5a26rC")` annotation on the contract.
In order to deploy to this address, you'll need its the private key. For the flipper example, we
have included the private key in `flipper-keypair.json`, so you can use that here for deploying the program:

.. code-block:: bash

>     solana program deploy --program-id flipper-keypair.json flipper.so

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    echo "[4,10,246,143,43,1,234,17,159,249,41,16,230,9,198,162,107,221,233,124,34,15,16,57,205,53,237,217,149,17,229,195,3,150,242,90,91,222,117,26,196,224,214,105,82,62,237,137,92,67,213,23,14,206,230,155,43,36,85,254,247,11,226,145]" > flipper-keypair.json
    solana program deploy --program-id flipper-keypair.json flipper.so
```

Author: I think this nicely side-steps the issue of storing a private key in a repo. This also makes it easier because then the private key is always in the same directory as `flipper.so`, which makes it easier to find.

> This is of course an example. Never save private keys for your program to any public repository, this is of course a security

Reviewer 2: We should not have this in our docs. Users will adapt whatever we write here inevitably, regardless of how much disclaimers we put up

Reviewer 2: Sure, no problem with leaving some disclaimers. This comment goes in combination with my suggestion below.

Author: I've removed the disclaimer. I do agree we should lead by example and not "do as a say, not as a I do".

In the future (hopefully) `anchor init` will generate a private key and set it in the source code and we can remove all this.

> This is of course an example. Never save private keys for your program to any public repository, this is of course a security

Author: This paragraph has been rephrased.

            .view();

        console.log(`state: ${val2}`);
    })();

Now you'll have to set the `ANCHOR_WALLET` and `ANCHOR_PROVIDER_URL` environment variables to the correct values in order to run the example.

.. code-block:: bash

    export ANCHOR_WALLET=$HOME/.config/solana/id.json
    export ANCHOR_PROVIDER_URL=http://127.0.0.1:8899
    node flipper.js

For more examples, see the
`solang's integration tests <https://github.com/hyperledger/solang/tree/main/integration/solana>`_.

Using the Anchor client library
_______________________________

Some notes on using the anchor javascript npm library.

* Solidity function names are converted to camelCase. This means that if in Solidity a function is called ``foo_bar()``,
  then you must write ``fooBar()`` in your javascript.
* Anchor only allows you to call ``.view()`` on Solidity functions which are declared ``view`` or ``pure``.
* Named return values in Solidity are also converted to camelCase. Unnamed returned are given the name ``return0``, ``return1``, etc,
  depending on the position in the returns values.
* Return values from non-view functions are not decoded and are not accessible. This is a limitation in the

>   Anchor library. Possibly this can be fixed.

Reviewer: By checking the pure functions from `builtins.sol` test, this comment should exclude pure functions too (they are `non-view`).

Author: fixed
